# Exhibition-Interiors
EIG create exhibitions that have impact, as we understand clients objectives enabling us to create brand experiences. We are experts at exhibition design through our creativity and delivery. We design, manage and deliver memorable events for the most demanding clients who know what they want, we understand and deliver beyond their expectations through our experience and commitment. In a short span EIG has evolved into one of the leading service providers for Event and Exhibitions in the Middle East We are associated with the major international events in UAE. We are registered and approved Government Contractors and Official Stand Contractors in DWTC, Dubai, ADNEC, Abu Dhabi and Expo Center Sharjah.  EXHIBITION STANDS  EIG is one of the leading Exhibition stand builders in UAE  with over a decade of experience in professional exhibition stand designs and production in UAE. EIG is considered as one among the most reliable exhibition stand contractor in the UAE approved by DWTC, ADNEC and Expo Center Sharjah.  We are equipped with a team of high-end professionals with state of the art technology / production unit which gives the maximum level of output and quality at a given time. Our inhouse exhibition stand design unit creates stunning exhibition stand concepts which always exceeds our client’s expectation. We are recognized as one of the best solution providers for customized exhibition stands and designs in UAE. We also offer a wide range of services to further enhance the impact of your exhibition.  We provide turnkey Exhibition stands and Events from Design to Execution including AV, furniture and joinery, backed by latest in-house production facilities and a highly dedicated workforce. Due to our vast experience and credibility, today we are recognized as one among the top exhibition stand building companies in Dubai.   INTERIOR FITOUTS &amp; KIOSKS  Are you looking for a professional interior fit-out company in UAE. EIG delivers bespoke and professional interior fit-out solutions in UAE. As one of the foremost interior fit-out company in Dubai we deliver a wide range of turnkey interior design solutions in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and throughout all emirates in the region. Since inception we always focus on our client’s expectation and has been very successful delivering much more than what they expect.  We are committed to deliver fully functional commercial or residential spaces for our clients in a stipulated period of time at a very competitive pricing. We provide turnkey fit-out solutions from Design to Execution including MEP and Joinery, backed by latest in-house production facilities and a highly dedicated workforce. Due to our vast experience and credibility, today we are recognized as one among the top interior fit-out companies in the Dubai.  We build customized Kiosks in UAE. Outdoor and indoor Kiosk stands are designed and manufactured with structural stability and could be customized to any kind of requirements. We are positioned as one of the top Kiosk manufacturers in UAE.Retail Kiosks or RMU (Retail Merchandising Unit) are special purpose kiosks stands which are designed and manufactured as an alternative for small scale retailers mainly for shopping malls, events &amp; exhibition etc. We are professionals in manufacturing customized retails kiosks in UAE. From simple accessories kiosk to candy kiosks to complex juice and intricate food kiosk, EIG have solution to all your requirements. We have deployed repeated number of projects from many reputed brands.  EVENTS &amp; CONFERENCES  For over a decade we have been supporting our clients, both local &amp; international event management agencies, exhibition organizers with industry’s best event and exhibition contracting solutions in the UAE. We support most of the leading exhibition organizers in UAE with design, printing, photography and videography.  We have in-house design and development team for logo designs, brochure &amp; campaign design, social media post designs, flyer designs and presentations. Our team is highly experienced in event-based designs and concepts. We also customize office stationaries like Business cards, envelops, letter heads, flyers, vouchers etc. We are working closely with top exhibitors in UAE &amp; Worldwide, delivering high quality services and products at right time and at a very competitive price.
